There’s a cedarwood top to the bar, a cold lacquer at odds with the warmth of the landlord. Jenny’s tapping nervously on a coaster when a man slides into the seat beside her. He’s looking at the barman, waiting for something. He’s waiting for a drink… if only Jenny could remember what she was supposed to order…

- Order any drink to proceed

The man’s expression is set, he stares over his drink but doesn’t touch it. He thanks the barman with a nod. Easy jazz hides their conversation between the smooth notes of John Coltrane.
“Miss Stinton.”
“Yes?”

- Prompt scene
“I’m… Michael. Please listen very carefully, I won’t repeat these instructions. When you leave this bar, cross the road and enter the building with the blue door. Look neither left nor right. Speak to no one. When you are inside, change into the clothes provided and proceed to the garage. There will be a car waiting there. Climb into the trunk and open the letter beneath the spare tire. When you are finished, follow the instructions and swallow the letter. It may be some time before you eat anything else.”

"You leave the bar and cross the road."

[ *Go through the blue door*,  Speak to the doorman, Investigate the car to your left]


- Car ascii art scene

"Jenny can’t quite believe the letter’s orders. But then, she can’t believe she’s in the trunk of a car, waiting to cross the most contested border in modern history. She can almost feel the wheels crunching over barbed wire, feel the barrier falling, trapping her in East Berlin. "

- Car level

- Prompt scene

"The sound is like the lock turning in a Stasi cell. But there’s another noise, something soft and gentle, yet it cuts through the chug of diesel engines and snapping riles. Everything is dark, but that sound, that voice… it sounds like light. "
"But there’s another sound. Something terrifying, though she’s been told to expect it. Three taps on the outside of the trunk. A Stasi guard. The letter gave her instructions, but what was she supposed to do?"

[Open the trunk, *Swallow the letter*, Tap on the left and right of the trunk]

- Flag image scene
Jenny breaths a sigh of relief as the sound of the guard station fades away. She’s in the East now, and soon to be on her own. A shiver runs through her spine, cold as the war she’s joined. But there’s a warmth too, a pride that tells her what she’s doing matters, that lives can be rebuilt through her actions, families reunited. Where people are willing to risk themselves for others, there’s hope. This is Jenny’s last thought as she closes her eyes in the dark trunk of a Volkswagen.

- Video / ascii scene
Three months behind the Iron Curtain have hardened Jenny’s body along with her mind. She’s all angles now, the constant rationing narrowing her to a fine point. She feels like a robot, like a woman from Flatworld, a single line that can’t think for fear of spilling everything like sewage from a burst pipe. The Officer she’s meeting tonight has called to make sure she’s coming. Of course she’s coming; it’s her job. A few gentle words, some well placed flattery, then she’ll slip away with next week’s guard rotation and another hundred souls will brave the wires and the guns separating East from West. And they’ll live and die on the truth – or lies – she finds tonight.

- Prompt scene text here, followed by art/mirror.  (just with contine / OK - no question)
Jenny adjusts her makeup in the mirror one last time. She feels a headache coming on, tension, fear, excitement. It fades as she rubs her temples. But how is she getting to the restaurant? The Captain told her earlier, if only she could remember…

- Maze level with 'chauffeur' word

Answer here should be chauffeur car. Tom's gonna be driving it

The Captain was a pig, but his driver wasn’t. Jenny never got a good look at his face, but that voice, when he asked her “where to?” as if he didn’t know… He sounded so familiar. Jenny reached out with reckless words, knowing they were her best friends, her sharpest weapons.
But what did she say? So hard to remember…
“Did you drive me across the border?” – correct answer

- ASCII vid 'captain'

The next week, Jenny meets a family waiting to cross into West Berlin. The fear in their eyes is nothing new, but she’s never handled a crossing with a child before. The child is a toddler, barely out of nappies, and presents complications the family can’t imagine. But Jenny is good at her job. She knows the guard rotas, knows the Wall and all its vagaries, and most of all she knows the people waiting to cross. She thinks this family can make it. Behind the fear, there’s a hardness in those eyes, a will to survive. She ushers them out the alley behind her apartment block, and they disappear into the distance. Jenny makes the final preparations for their journey, then leaves to meet her handler. But just as Jenny leaves her home, disaster strikes.
The Captain stands in the rain, flanked by Stasi.
“Where are they hiding, Miss Stinton?” he asks.
Jenny knows they’ll torture it from her eventually. But what did she tell the Captain?

Spit in his face
Turn and run. – choose this
Tell them the plan and wait to be extracted from jail by the UK government.

Jenny’s feet pound the rain slick pavement to the beat of her heart. She’s panting now, running through the night with no hope of escape. She knows she’ll give up the family eventually, and her shame will burn hotter than any brand upon her skin. She’s close to the Wall now, but what can she do? Spotlights sweep the river, soldiers stand in guard posts. Without warning, a body slams into her from the side. The chauffeur! He stares into her eyes, his big and round and brown and terrified. But then he moves, pushes her down the riverbank. There’s a boat, as though he knew this was happening, as though he were waiting for her to run. How can he know her so well when they’ve never even shared a conversation? When he pushes her into the boat, he signals to someone high above. A spotlight winks off.
Tense minutes pass upon the river. There’s a clamour on the other side, and the spotlight flicks back on. It whips across the river, a predator’s frantic eye searching for its prey. The driver curses, puts two oars into the water and heaves. They’re almost at the bank when the bullets hit him. A hot spray of blood covers Jenny’s face, but she doesn’t scream. Instead, she takes the oars herself and pulls him to shore amid a hail of random gunfire.
The Strasi are coming. Jenny tries to haul him up the bank, but he’s too heavy. Their eyes meet again and he pulls his pistol from his coat. When he pushes Jenny backwards, she doesn’t realise he’s sending her into the arms of a waiting Westerner. She screams as she’s pulled back up the bank, and the driver’s pistol sends bullets wailing into the dark. Over the noise and in the flash of a muzzle, she see’s him mouth a word, one Jenny has held to for over a decade.
But what did he say?

“I love you”
“Live”
“Tom”


